Background: I went to my first meeting with the Elders Quorum Presidency to update ministering assignments. They use a big folding board (like one a child might use to detail about their science fair project on) to create the assignments.
They put the names of the ministers on white strips of paper, and the names of the people being ministered to on green strips of paper. If youth are to be assigned as ministers, they are added on pink slips of paper. They will then just tape the people to the board to create the assignments. They organize the various ministering assignments into districts under the responsibility of one of the members of the presidency. 

Goal: I want to create a digital version of that board. I want to be able to set individuals as part of families, companionships, and as the person in charge of a district. I want families to be able to consist of any number of individuals from one and up. Ideally companionships should consist of 2 or more individuals, though the default should be 2. Families, and companionships, and ministering assignments should be on "cards" that can be dragged around on the board. The board can be split into districts, and have an individual assigned as the person in charge of that district. I want the ability to add notes to any individual, family, companionship, or district. I want to be able to import a list of names to populate for using in the software. I want to be able to export a ready to print list of all ministering assignments or even print the list directly. When an individual is added to a companionship, family, or ministering assignment, any of those cards should be able to be easily dragged to anywhere the user wants and just as easily dragged apart. When you either import a list of individuals or create a new individual, by default two cards will be created for each person. One card will be a minister card, and will be able to be dragged to either another minister or a companionship to be added as an extra member of the companionship. The other card should be the individual card, and it can be added to families. To create a companionship, you simply need to drag one minister on top of another. Once that is done, a companionship card is created. Alternatively, you can create the companionship first through the pressing of a button and then drag both companions into it after it is created. The same concept can happen with individuals and creating families. To create a family of one, you can either press the button or drag the individual onto a companionship. Once a family or individual is dragged onto a companionship, that creates a ministering assignment card. Any card should be able to be dragged. If a ministering assignment card is dragged into a district, the individuals in that assignment are assigned into that district. If a family or individual card is dragged into either a companionship or ministering assignment, they are added to that ministering assignment or the assignment created by adding that family. 
No data is to ever leave the end user's computer. 
All processing must be locally done. I want the data to be able to be password protected if someone felt the need to do so. The software will automatically organize the districts into lists that can be printed on standard paper, or easily broken into emailable segments and sent to either the members of a companionship, or the person in charge of a district. 
I want this to be built first as a website, and to eventually build it with the goal of being integrated into the tools available to members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Accordingly, this is to be an enterprise grade software package. I also want tests built for all code to ensure it is built to the standards that would be required for a tool to be used to help better organize the work of ministering to the children of God. 