The Elders Quorum Presidency of the Lehi 1,000th ward of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, is gathering for their quarterly planning meeting. The first councilor in the presidency could not be there directly, but they got him on Zoom, and plan to share the screen of the computer they are doing all the work on today so he can participate too. 
They pull up the Digital Ministering Planning Tool and get to work. This is their first time using the software as a presidency, but the Elder's Quorum President already figured out how the software works, and was happy with how easy it is to use. He clicks the import list button at the top, selects the CSV file with all of the names of the people in their ward on it, and then it populates those names into two different lists; Ministers and Children of God. 
From there, they create 4 Districts. One assigned to each member of the presidency, along with a 4th that they leave unassigned to place all of those individuals who do not wish to be contacted or others with special circumstances in. After that, they start creating ministering companionships. They click and drag the first name John Avast on the list to the first district, and then after discussing who they want for his companion and settle on Samual Shatterhorn, they drag Samuel's name unto John's and that instantly forms a new companionship. After continuing that process for a while, the presidency realizes that Thomas Dixon, is a new convert and has expressed concerns about his ability to be a minister. After discussing their options, they decide to add Thomas to the companionship between John and Samuel, and so they just drag Thomas's name onto their companionship and his name is added to that companionship, for a total of three people in that companionship. 
From there, after they finish creating all of the companionships, they notice that there is an alert on the 3rd district and upon checking it, they notice that it has 3 more companionships than each of the other two. They discuss and pray about who if anyone they should move, and ultimately leave it as is and mark the alert as completed. They also notice that district 4 had a bunch of alerts from the individuals that they put into that district without even assigning them to a companionship, so they just marked the whole column as ignore on the alerts, and moved onto assigning people to be ministered to. 
The first family on the list, the Alsen's is a family who is constantly struggling, they think about the power that both John and Samual would bring to the table and realize that having someone to help might also help Thomas, but they could also see him being overwhelmed by the idea, but they really feel strongly about the idea of assigning the Alsen's to be ministered to by John and Samuel, so they drag the Alsen family's card onto their companionship and that creates a formal ministering assignment. The Alsen Family has a pair of twins that just turned 8 and have not been baptized, and their oldest son, is almost 18 and just barely graduated high school, so they add a flag for each of those individuals, and to that ministering assignment, and then add a note to the assignment to remind the Presidency to check up on Thomas frequently to make sure he will be fine. 
After finishing creating all of the assignments, they decide that they want a password on the list, so they enable that feature, save the file to a locally stored file, and email a copy to each member of the Presidency. When they select the print button, the default option is to create a presidency list, that contains spots to mark for when each companionship has been interviewed on it, along with any notes or flags they added, and then a companionship list, that has lists which are both easily printed and cut up to be physically given out. They notice an option to email the list, and find that they could email using any major email client, but decide to print the list instead because they want to talk to the companionships before they just send them their lists. 
The next quarter, when they meet up again to update ministering assignments, they load up their file, enter the password to open it, import a list of new members who moved in, and remove anyone who moved out from the list, which the update list feature made it easy to do. From there, they decide that their concerns about Thomas were justified, but they love the idea of the Alsen Family working with John and Samual. They then remember that Thomas seemed to be good friends with Mike Finsler, so they make them a companionship and assign them to visit with one of the new families that just moved into the ward. They decide to leave them with just that one family. In the process, they ended up assigning one companionship 6 families to minister to, and that created a flag. They realize that would be too many for one companionship to minister to, make a few adjustments, and then email out their new lists to everyone. 
Finally go to leave, but the website warns them that they have not saved. They quickly save the file. The save dialog asks them if they want to keep the password the same or update it. They choose to keep it the same and check the box to not be reminded again. 